# Armstrong_FinalProjectINST126
Title: Armstrong_FinalProjectINST126
In this program, several things will happen, which is all done to intentioanlly satisfy the many advanced items on the checklist for this INST class. So while early on there was some semblance of cohesion with this program that relied on some user interaction, later on it dives into more exploration of the python language itself (which is all done to satisfy the checklist for this course). 

In this program users are asked to input basic info about themselves, like thier name age and their fav food and color (all theses are optional except for the name), an example of what to type when prompted is [Billy 19 Blue Pizza]). Note: Please enter a name when asked at least. Next the user is sent a kind message by the program itself, and asked if they want to look at recorded civilizations (from a wikipedia page linked in the prgram itself). The user can use the characters 'y' and 'n' for their responses, which is a theme that will continue to be used throughout the rest of the program, unless stated otherwise.
Next a small quiz is offered, with the intention of testing the user's understanding of python, where there will be a correct and incorrect message given upon completing the quiz (if the user chooses to do so). 

After that the user is asked if they want to continue, by which they just need to press the enter key. And are soon offered the chance to look at some famous locations (with given longitude/latitude) from a CSV file. Along with this program, a csv file ('locations.csv') is attached, which is a file that the User must locate the location on their device and type it into the input prompt (ex: "C:\Users\User1\Downloads\locations.csv" ), this will allow them to see this data, as well as the locations that have a latitude greater than 0 (which will return as true). Please be careful with this and make sure the location of the file is correct, as you would likely have to start over if this is wrong.

The user is asked again if they want to contine, before alot of python code is presented, that will be described and emphasized out to the user to understand what they're looking at. Soon, they will be offered the chance to enter the location of an empty csv file that is with the main program ("Empty1file(finalproject.csv") on their device and see a dictionary be placed into that file for their viewing. 

Following this, alot of data will likely be printed out to the terminal in which the User may be confused by, but this is simply the result of code specifically designed to check off several more boxes on the checklist.

